true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Apple 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Orange, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Orange 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Apple, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Apple, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Apple 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Orange 
true: Pumpkin, predicted: Pumpkin 
